PCSM-176-Add-finalization-section-to-/status-response (#59)
percona/pcsm-docs: docs/api.md

| `initialSync.cloneCompleted` | boolean | Clone process completion status |
| `initialSync.estimatedCloneSizeBytes` | number | Estimated total size to clone (bytes) |
| `initialSync.clonedSizeBytes` | number | Current cloned size (bytes) |
| `finalization.completed` | boolean | Finalization completion status |
| `finalization.startedAt` | date.Time | RFC3339 timestamp when finalization started |

> | `finalization.completedAt` | date.Time | RFC3339 timestamp when finalization completed |

Reviewer: There is no such thing as `date.Time` type in JSON, only strings.
```suggestion
| `finalization.startedAt` | string | RFC3339 timestamp when finalization started (omitted when status restored from a recovered checkpoint) |
| `finalization.completedAt` | string | RFC3339 timestamp when finalization completed (omitted while finalization in progress) |
```
We should also mention that the whole finalization object omitted until finalize is triggered.
